Add packet size considerations (#45)
tfpauly/quic-proxy: draft-pauly-masque-quic-proxy.md

QUIC-aware CONNECT-UDP proxies that do not allow forwarding mode can function
unmodified behind QUIC load balancers.

# Packet Size Considerations

Since Initial QUIC packets must be at least 1200 bytes in length, the DATAGRAM
frames that are used for a QUIC-aware CONNECT-UDP proxy MUST be able to carry
at least 1200 bytes.

Additionally, clients that connect to a proxy for purpose of proxying QUIC
SHOULD start their connection with a larger packet size than 1200 bytes, to
account for the overhead of tunnelling an Initial QUIC packet within a

> DATAGRAM frame. If the client does not being with a larger packet size, it

Reviewer: This doesn't parse?

Author: ```suggestion
DATAGRAM frame. If the client does not begin with a larger packet size than 1200 bytes, it
```

> DATAGRAM frame. If the client does not begin with a larger packet size than 1200 bytes, it

Reviewer: you'll probably want to reflow this to match the line length limit

will need to perform Path MTU (Maximum Transmission Unit) discovery to
discover a larger path size prior to sending any tunnelled Initial QUIC packets.

> Once a proxied QUIC connections moves into forwarded mode, the client SHOULD

Reviewer 2: (I can't suggest)

nit: s/connections/connection
